README.md, before:



# Yoda: Post-exploitation Stealth Tool (AF_XDP, eBPF, gVisor)

> ⚠️ **Disclaimer / Avertissement**
>
> This project is for research and educational purposes only. The author declines all responsibility for any malicious, illegal, or unethical use of this code. You are solely responsible for how you use, share, or deploy this software. Use it only in controlled, authorized environments and always respect the law.


## 👀 Overview
Yoda is an experimental network server using AF_XDP, eBPF, and a userspace TCP/IP stack (gVisor netstack). It provides stealth remote shell access, advanced packet filtering, and process hiding. All networking (TCP/IP) is handled outside the Linux kernel, entirely in userspace.



## ✨ Features
- **AF_XDP Packet I/O**
- **eBPF/XDP Integration**
- **gVisor Netstack** 
- **mTLS PTY Shell**
- **Process, Binary & Networking Hiding**


## ⚡ Quick Start

Requirements

You need the following to build Yoda:

- **Linux** (kernel 5.4+ recommended)
- **Go 1.20+**
- **Python 3**
- **Clang/LLVM, libbpf-dev, bpftool, make**
- **Root privileges** (required for AF_XDP, eBPF)


On Ubuntu/Debian, install the required packages with:
```sh
sudo apt-get install clang llvm libbpf-dev bpftool make golang python3 build-essential linux-headers-$(uname -r)
```

To generate the `vmlinux.h` header (required for eBPF CO-RE):
```sh
bpftool btf dump file /sys/kernel/btf/vmlinux format c > /same/dir/as/eBPF_prog/vmlinux.h
```

### MAC Signature Tool
```sh
python3 gen_mac_sig.py 0x4242 10
python3 gen_mac_sig.py --mac aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff
```

### Build & Run
Before building, edit `config.go` and `xdp_redirect.c` as needed to match your environment or requirements (e.g., network interface, MAC signature, ports, IP addr).

```sh
# First generate mtls certs for cli & yoda
make cert CERT_IP=IP_OF_YODA_SERV # Same ip as netLocalIP in config.go

make bpf        # Build eBPF programs
make yoda       # Build Yoda server
make cli        # Build Yoda client
make all        # Build all
sudo bin/yoda   # Run server
```

### Test

> ⚠️ **Important:**  
> The client **must** be run from another physical machine on your LAN.  
> Packets must arrive on the actual physical network interface monitored by XDP.  
> Traffic from Docker containers, localhost, or most VMs usually does **not** reach the physical NIC and will **not** trigger the XDP program.  
> For reliable testing, always use a separate physical client machine.

On the client side use yoda cli and enjoy
```sh
./yoda-client <server_addr:port>
```


---


## 🏗️ Architecture
```
           +-------------------+
           |      Client       |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     |  (Internet / LAN)
                     v
           +-------------------+
           |   Network (NIC)   |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     v
           +-------------------+      +--------------------------+
           |   XDP / eBPF      |--X-->|  Kernel TCP/IP Stack     |
           | (packet filter)   |      |      [BYPASSED] ❌       |
           +-------------------+      +--------------------------+
                     |
                     v
           +-------------------+
           |     AF_XDP        |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     v
                 USERSpace
           +---------------------------+
           |        Yoda Server        |
           |---------------------------|
           |  gVisor Netstack          |
           |  TLS Layer                |
           |  PTY Shell                |
           +---------------------------+
```


---


## 🧩 XDP Filter

Yoda uses advanced XDP filtering to select which packets to process:

- **MAC signature filtering (XOR):** The XDP C program (`bpf/xdp_redirect.c`) checks for a weak-collision signature on MAC source addresses (XOR over 4 bytes) and configured port. Only packets with a matching MAC signature / port are accepted; others are passed normally to the linux kernel.
- **Compatible MAC generation:** The Python script `tools/gen_mac_sig.py` generates MAC addresses that match the expected XOR signature for the server or give you the signature of yours.



---

## 🕵️ Stealth & Hiding

- **Kernel Bypass:** Packets are processed directly in userspace, never entering the kernel TCP/IP stack.
- **No visible connections:** No visible connections in `netstat`, `ss`, or `lsof`.
- **Firewall/tcpdump bypass:** Yoda-handled packets bypass Netfilter and conntrack, ignoring iptables rules and remaining invisible to tcpdump and standard network monitors. 
- **Process & Binary Hiding:** Yoda uses an eBPF hook on the `getdents64` syscall to hide its own PIDs, shell PID and binary name from process listings. This means the process and its executable will not appear in `ls`, `ps`, `top`, `htop` or similar tools, making detection much harder.
- **Traffic camouflage:** Yoda doesn’t bind ports normally but uses AF_XDP to capture only matching packets in userspace. Legitimate traffic (e.g., Apache on port 443) passes through unaffected, letting Yoda blend seamlessly and avoid detection.
- **Advanced stealth:** Perfect for scenarios requiring maximum network discretion.. 👻


---

## 📝 TODO
- ~~Hide the Yoda process and executable from commands like ps, ls, top, etc., by hooking the getdents*() syscalls.~~
- ~~Add a custom client for improved functionality.~~
- Hide XDP mode and XDP program information from appearing in the output of the ip link command.
sendmsg()? write() ?
- Suppress or hide kernel warnings related to bpf_probe_write_user in dmesg and other system logs. 


---

## 📄 License
MIT License. See xdp_redirect.c for eBPF license.


---

## 👤 Authors
- Cezame (main developer)
- Contributions welcome!


## 📬 Contact
For questions or contributions, open an issue or pull request on the repository.

---

Commit message:

(feat): hide_log, filter kernel warning related to bpf_probe_write_user() from log output..

README.md, after:

# Yoda: Post-exploitation Stealth Tool (AF_XDP, eBPF, gVisor)

> ⚠️ **Disclaimer / Avertissement**
>
> This project is for research and educational purposes only. The author declines all responsibility for any malicious, illegal, or unethical use of this code. You are solely responsible for how you use, share, or deploy this software. Use it only in controlled, authorized environments and always respect the law.


## 👀 Overview
Yoda is an experimental network server using AF_XDP, eBPF, and a userspace TCP/IP stack (gVisor netstack). It provides stealth remote shell access, advanced packet filtering, and process hiding. All networking (TCP/IP) is handled outside the Linux kernel, entirely in userspace.



## ✨ Features
- **AF_XDP Packet I/O**
- **eBPF/XDP Integration**
- **gVisor Netstack** 
- **mTLS PTY Shell**
- **Process, Binary & Networking Hiding**
- **dmesg and journalctl log output cleaning**


## ⚡ Quick Start

Requirements

You need the following to build Yoda:

- **Linux** (kernel 5.4+ recommended)
- **Go 1.20+**
- **Python 3**
- **Clang/LLVM, libbpf-dev, bpftool, make**
- **Root privileges** (required for AF_XDP, eBPF)


On Ubuntu/Debian, install the required packages with:
```sh
sudo apt-get install clang llvm libbpf-dev bpftool make golang python3 build-essential linux-headers-$(uname -r)
```

To generate the `vmlinux.h` header (required for eBPF CO-RE):
```sh
bpftool btf dump file /sys/kernel/btf/vmlinux format c > /same/dir/as/eBPF_prog/vmlinux.h
```

### MAC Signature Tool
```sh
python3 gen_mac_sig.py 0x4242 10
python3 gen_mac_sig.py --mac aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff
```

### Build & Run
Before building, edit `config.go` and `xdp_redirect.c` as needed to match your environment or requirements (e.g., network interface, MAC signature, ports, IP addr).

```sh
# First generate mtls certs for cli & yoda
make cert CERT_IP=IP_OF_YODA_SERV # Same ip as netLocalIP in config.go

make bpf        # Build eBPF programs
make yoda       # Build Yoda server
make cli        # Build Yoda client
make all        # Build all
sudo bin/yoda   # Run server
```

### Test

> ⚠️ **Important:**  
> The client **must** be run from another physical machine on your LAN.  
> Packets must arrive on the actual physical network interface monitored by XDP.  
> Traffic from Docker containers, localhost, or most VMs usually does **not** reach the physical NIC and will **not** trigger the XDP program.  
> For reliable testing, always use a separate physical client machine.

On the client side use yoda cli and enjoy
```sh
./yoda-client <server_addr:port>
```


---


## 🏗️ Architecture
```
           +-------------------+
           |      Client       |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     |  (Internet / LAN)
                     v
           +-------------------+
           |   Network (NIC)   |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     v
           +-------------------+      +--------------------------+
           |   XDP / eBPF      |--X-->|  Kernel TCP/IP Stack     |
           | (packet filter)   |      |      [BYPASSED] ❌       |
           +-------------------+      +--------------------------+
                     |
                     v
           +-------------------+
           |     AF_XDP        |
           +-------------------+
                     |
                     v
                 USERSpace
           +---------------------------+
           |        Yoda Server        |
           |---------------------------|
           |  gVisor Netstack          |
           |  TLS Layer                |
           |  PTY Shell                |
           +---------------------------+
```


---


## 🧩 XDP Filter

Yoda uses advanced XDP filtering to select which packets to process:

- **MAC signature filtering (XOR):** The XDP C program (`bpf/xdp_redirect.c`) checks for a weak-collision signature on MAC source addresses (XOR over 4 bytes) and configured port. Only packets with a matching MAC signature / port are accepted; others are passed normally to the linux kernel.
- **Compatible MAC generation:** The Python script `tools/gen_mac_sig.py` generates MAC addresses that match the expected XOR signature for the server or give you the signature of yours.



---

## 🕵️ Stealth & Hiding

- **Kernel Bypass:** Packets are processed directly in userspace, never entering the kernel TCP/IP stack.
- **No visible connections:** No visible connections in `netstat`, `ss`, or `lsof`.
- **Firewall/tcpdump bypass:** Yoda-handled packets bypass Netfilter and conntrack, ignoring iptables rules and remaining invisible to tcpdump and standard network monitors. 
- **Process & Binary Hiding:** Yoda uses an eBPF hook on the `getdents64` syscall to hide its own PIDs, shell PID and binary name from process listings. This means the process and its executable will not appear in `ls`, `ps`, `top`, `htop` or similar tools, making detection much harder.
- **Traffic camouflage:** Yoda doesn’t bind ports normally but uses AF_XDP to capture only matching packets in userspace. Legitimate traffic (e.g., Apache on port 443) passes through unaffected, letting Yoda blend seamlessly and avoid detection.
- **Log output cleaning:** Kernel warnings and traces related to eBPF actions (e.g., bpf_probe_write_user) are cleaned from dmesg and journalctl output.
- **Advanced stealth:** Perfect for scenarios requiring maximum network discretion.. 👻


---

## 📝 TODO
- ~~Hide the Yoda process and executable from commands like ps, ls, top, etc., by hooking the getdents*() syscalls.~~
- ~~Add a custom client for improved functionality.~~
- ~~Suppress or hide kernel warnings related to bpf_probe_write_user in dmesg and other system logs.~~ 
- Hide XDP mode and XDP program information from appearing in the output of the ip link command.
sendmsg()? write() ?

---

## 📄 License
MIT License. See xdp_redirect.c for eBPF license.


---

## 👤 Authors
- Cezame (main developer)
- Contributions welcome!


## 📬 Contact
For questions or contributions, open an issue or pull request on the repository.

---
